Feat/step 1 (#2)
calixfar/ARTICLES: how_to_create_context_VTEX_IO.md

To give a little context the Sony's development team had to connect two blocks.

![To connect blocks](/arquivos/to_connect_blocks.png)

For previous decisions these blocks were separated in different rows wich difficulted connecting the blocks.

We thought that to use react context was a good idea but here is where appears the question, how to do it?

The first issue, it is understand how react context work, it should have a provider wich to wrap the children and also it will keep the context values.

## STEPS 

> It is important to know about react context if you do not know it, you can review the next links:

Reviewer: "review" shouldn't be used like this, use "view" or better yet, change it for "learn more about this in"

- [Official documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/context.html#gatsby-focus-wrapper)
- [A Guide to React Context and useContext() Hook](https://dmitripavlutin.com/react-context-and-usecontext/)
### STEP ONE

> We should to create the next files into custom app: 

Reviewer: "to" is not neccesary on this line, please remove it.

![files](/arquivos/files.png)

> Each file has a special function, we will begin speaking of `context.tsx` file.

Reviewer: "speaking of `context.tsx` file" is lacking a "the" between "of" and `context.tsx`

```tsx
import { createContext } from 'react'

> const HeaderContext: any = createContext({})

Reviewer: create a header interface for HeaderContext
```suggestion
const HeaderContext : HeaderInterface  = createContext({})
```

export default HeaderContext
```

Here we simply create the context and export it.

> Thereafter we are going to work with the file that contains all our logic wich it is `state.tsx`

Reviewer: "it" is not neccesary, and "wich" had a typo 
```suggestion
Thereafter we are going to work with the file that contains all our logic which is `state.tsx`
```
